add maximum ac and dc charging limits to evtype (#1005)
ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel: CHANGELOG.md

- Implementing missing typical methods in `Try` [#970](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/970)
- Added log warning when using `SwitchInputs` with `parallelDevices` parameter [#840](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/840)
- Validation for `EvcsInput` [#1000](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1000)

> - Added Maximum ac and dc Charging limits to evtype [#876](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/876)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added separate fields for maximum power limits for AC and DC to evtype [#876](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/876)
```

- Implementing missing typical methods in `Try` [#970](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/970)
- Added log warning when using `SwitchInputs` with `parallelDevices` parameter [#840](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/840)
- Validation for `EvcsInput` [#1000](https://github.com/ie3-institute/PowerSystemDataModel/issues/1000)

> 

Reviewer: This should not be deleted :)

Reviewer: And there should be a change entry for this change
